hi today I will be showing how to use
the rotate tool the character here that
I will
be rotating was created in the uh
getting started pixel lab tutorial I
will link it down in the description if
you want to see how it was
made uh but let's get
started so first I'm going to open the
rotate
tool um then you want to have a
character description that fits your
character
uh select a view that is fitting for
your character in in my case side is
most fitting low top down is between 30
and 45° high top down is between 45 and
60° and um something that's good to note
is if your character is not facing the
South you need to move them to East
North West depending on which direction
your character is facing and you do this
by creating an empty frame and
generating from the frame before so you
can see here I'm now at the East
position let's say you have a north um
character facing the north you want them
to be
here so all
right some other things to note is if
you go into the advanced options you can
increase the image guidance weight which
will increase the impact the uh images
you have how they look in on the
generation you also have the guidance
weight for all of these settings
here which you can play around with but
yeah let's uh let's
generate let's
say your first generation or you get a
generation that is semide decent you
want to then
clean up the
image and um CU we're going to use it as
a init image you want to kind of make it
semide
decent this is
usually a good way of just fixing it up
slightly you don't have to be super
perfect because we're going to use this
as an init image so the most important
thing is just that um there's a like
it kind of looks like what you want it
to look like in the
future all right then we're going to in
paint and in this case I think we can uh
remake the whole
image
so I'm just going
to in paint the whole
image and uh in the next
steps we can uh just in in paint parts
of the image that we want to keep so we
don't actually change
everything so we can keep the good stuff
fix the bad stuff so
yeah let's go back here
we add init
image we want a pretty high init image I
have noticed when it comes to rotation
model it's pretty happy uh with changing
things so if it's too low it's just it's
not going to do what you want quite
likely I also believe let's increase the
image guidance weight a
bit and let's uh gener
it
now you can
see before and
after made the cloak a bit
better so here instead of inpainting the
whole
image now I just want to inpaint parts
of it which means that the model can't
see uh what's behind here because I'm
not going to use an init image so it's
just going to use the previous frames to
uh guess what I
want probably see if he wants to do
something nice with the
hair maybe try to fix that
part thefe
in this
case I want to fix the fireball but also
maybe the collar cuz it's supposed to be
white so let's see if the model wants to
do that otherwise we might need to use
an init image and help it a bit here we
want a better Fireball and let's see if
we can uh do better on this uh spot here
let not in pain too
much because I kind of want the model to
see like
there is stuff I want there to be
here let's now try
without
before and
after pretty
good another option is to just go in
like this instead so we're going to grab
this
Fireball go over
here
uh let's remove this add in this
Fireball
instead then we can in paint it so the
model can uh change it a bit so it
doesn't look exactly the same in this
case can do it here as
well make sure that you're on the the
correct layer otherwise you will have to
redo it like
me a few times all right like that let's
take a look at the impa paining
good I'm thinking I want to use a init
image again
here just to see if it uh if it looks
better all right so we go
back in its
image let's have it quite
High
let's let's fix the hair in the uh Next
Generation
instead and I probably want a bit
[Music]
more all right let's generate
right in this case I think it's
uh
quicker just do it by
hand here oh
nice does it feel like
the I don't think we should be
seeing ah okay
you can
probably extend this like
this and then we can remove this because
I don't think we can see into the arm
really from this
angle
here's actually a situation where I
think the model can do a better than me
so I'm just going to do something like
that so now I want
to fix the phase I think that's my
top priority
here so let's go in
here fix it up a
bit let's in paint
this the
hair 400
maybe all right let's generate
I would say this is a
Improvement much better than what I can
make and lastly I think it's probably
easiest to fix these feet myself
I think we can
do
better if we just um add in the
description that we want to focus on the
Fireballs I think it will be a bit bit
better so mage
uh holding a fire
ball
let's increased image guidance weight a
bit and let's have a 300 init image
strength because I think I want to edit
the Fireballs quite a bit maybe let's
try without just let the model do
whatever it
wants
that is quite the aggressive
Fireball
nice I like it let's just take this one
I think this one got a bit too
big so let's take this and then for
rotation I recommend just doing going up
here
minus you have the
reversed
all
right let's do a quick spin but yeah
thank you for watching and uh good luck
in your own
creations